fix(ts): [asyncFunctionAwaits] detect awaits in expression-bodied async arrow functions (#2859)
flint-fyi/flint: .changeset/ts-async-arrow-expression-await.md

---
"@flint.fyi/ts": patch
---

Fix a false positive in `asyncFunctionAwaits` for async arrow functions with expression bodies.

> `async () => await loadData()` is now correctly recognized as containing an `await`, since the body expression itself is checked rather than only its children.

Reviewer: This is more technical than the average user wants to read. A changelog should emphasize first and foremost how the changes in a release that affect the reader as a user. Perhaps:

```suggestion
`asyncFunctionAwaits` no longer incorrectly flags arrow functions with expression bodies; e.g. `async () => await loadData()` is now correctly recognized as containing an `await`.
```

IDK, is "e.g." perhaps too obscure for a general audience?

Author: Good call, I'll try to make it more natural.

>IDK, is "e.g." perhaps too obscure for a general audience?

Ha, I hope not — I've used it for years! I keep it and "i.e." straight by mentally translating with the false mnemonics "**i**n oth**e**r words" and "for **eg**zample".

Reviewer 2: Ha! I do a different mental map: "in example" vs. "example given". 😄
